index.md, before:

---
title: Home
layout: home
---

![A Kingdom for Keflings Logo](https://github.com/KuruVT/akfk/blob/main/assets/images/logo.png?raw=true)

# Welcome to the A Kingdom for Keflings Wiki

{: .warning }
> This website is currently under development. Content may be incomplete or subject to change.

Welcome to the unofficial wiki for *A Kingdom for Keflings*!

## About the Game
*A Kingdom for Keflings* is a unique city-building simulation game where players take on the role of a giant helping tiny Keflings build their kingdom. From constructing buildings to gathering resources, you'll guide these cheerful citizens as they expand their world.

## What You'll Find Here
- WIP

## Credits

![Credits](https://github.com/KuruVT/akfk/blob/main/assets/videos/credits.mp4?raw=true)

## Contribute to the Wiki
This is a solo project. If you’d like to contribute or suggest changes, please visit my [GitHub repository](https://github.com/KuruVT/akfk).

Stay tuned for updates as I continue to build this resource. If you notice missing information or errors, feel free to open an issue on GitHub!

---

Commit message:

using video tag for credit

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
layout: home
---

![A Kingdom for Keflings Logo](https://github.com/KuruVT/akfk/blob/main/assets/images/logo.png?raw=true)

# Welcome to the A Kingdom for Keflings Wiki

{: .warning }
> This website is currently under development. Content may be incomplete or subject to change.

Welcome to the unofficial wiki for *A Kingdom for Keflings*!

## About the Game
*A Kingdom for Keflings* is a unique city-building simulation game where players take on the role of a giant helping tiny Keflings build their kingdom. From constructing buildings to gathering resources, you'll guide these cheerful citizens as they expand their world.

## What You'll Find Here
- WIP

## Credits

<video src="https://github.com/KuruVT/akfk/blob/main/assets/videos/credits.mp4?raw=true" controls width="640" height="360">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


## Contribute to the Wiki
This is a solo project. If you’d like to contribute or suggest changes, please visit my [GitHub repository](https://github.com/KuruVT/akfk).

Stay tuned for updates as I continue to build this resource. If you notice missing information or errors, feel free to open an issue on GitHub!

---
